hey guys welcome to my channel in this
video I will teach you how to understand
native speakers because I know if their
speech can be so confusing and I've been
there I've done that I still cannot
understand certain groups of people in
certain communities if you're interested
continue watching this video
[Music]
before I get into the topic I have a
special announcement for you my team
linguae trip and I we're putting
together an email campaign we're putting
together a lot of newsletters to help
you guys learn English who work into
newsletters where we gonna teach you how
to learn English faster you're gonna get
curated information from my videos
you're gonna get like top five top ten
idioms that you can use advice on how to
get job brought like a lot of useful
information provided by me and my team
so if you're interested in being a part
of this exclusive email list there is a
link below just give us your email when
I'm gonna spam you it's all gonna be
very useful you can unsubscribe anytime
the link is below and I will see you
soon in my next email thing number one
that you have to remember is that a
language that I use a language that you
learn at school can be very very
different from what some native speakers
produce because there are a lot of drop
letters like I saw them
villains are song instead of saying I
saw them a native speaker would be like
Assam yesterday and this them is really
really subtle so you really need to
learn to catch it and you just need to
learn that there are a lot of job
letters and just get used to that
another thing that native speakers do is
linking words what the in time works
best for you so if I wrote it it would
be a day in time like one word it's like
singing and I think if you're singing in
your own language I would HIGHLY advise
starting singing in English because when
I started singing in America my singing
teacher will be like marina why are you
singing like that you are not talking
like that and this is something I had to
work on making my speech more smooth
linking words and also working on vowels
that was my another mistake somehow I
was singing with my mouth can a half
shut and yours like no American language
is about vowels you have to have really
bright walls and this is another thing I
was working on with my singing teacher
so
again two things that you should
remember drop letters happen all the
time they don't teach you that at school
and the second linking words you can
practice that through singing next step
number two how you can practice even if
you don't sing listen to any song that
you like open the lyrics and try to sing
along and you will notice so many weird
things like another thing my singing
teacher told me is that for a lot of
Americans it's easier to pronounce what
instead of what just because when you're
breathing out on the first letter it
makes it somehow easier to pronounce or
whatever so sometimes you will hear
people saying what oh where like where
she does this whole often and where I
don't do that so it's a little weird for
me but if you listen to American songs
you would definitely notice that
especially I think I've heard it a lot
on the East Coast and when I was
watching the house of cars the TV shows
they did it all the time again this is
something that Americans do when I was
listening for Britney Spears song baby
one more time I couldn't understand why
is baby transforming to something
uncomfortable like this is the way she
pronounces baby this is the way it works
a native speaker would understand me you
wouldn't unless you go through lyrics
unless you try to sing along with the
singer you would understand that these
things yes they exist I was like super
effaced by the British language because
when I came to the UK there's this city
called reading but if you spell it it's
like reading like you know the verb
reading and I was like why I you saying
reading is there reading and my friend
was like just because we do that I like
Greenwich though part of London you like
if you follow the English language rules
you would never read Greenwich you would
really like Greenwich or something
you're sweet Greenwich it's great but
this is totally wrong again this is what
native speakers do the word is written
in some way there's a rule how to read
it but when you read it you don't follow
any rules and this is again something
you learned with practice and you're
like probably really overwhelm now and
you're like marina is there live
on the things that I should know there's
actually a limit so a native speaker on
average uses from 1,000 to 5,000 words
in his speech there are 2 to 3000 words
that I used Wiley and if you know 2 or
3,000 words those words in English you
probably won't have any difficulties
understanding a native speaker from the
vocabulary point of view because
sometimes you know the speech is so
complicated you don't understand every
third word and this has nothing to do
with your listening skills it only has
to do with your vocabulary so you're at
the stage where you're like listening to
my video and you're like I cannot
understand every fifth word of what
she's saying I would recommend focusing
in your vocabulary if your problem right
now is actually understanding the way I
pronounce words or the way native
speakers pronounce words by the way they
link words together this is all about
practice so just follow tips from this
video and you couldn't be advanced and
listening and three or four months
another advice from me watch native
speakers mouth if you cannot get the
meaning by just listening to them when
you watch their mouth you're like oh
this is the way they're putting it
together and it gives you an additional
idea and in a lot of cases it's a lot
easier to understand a native speaker if
you're together in a room because hey
you know the context B you can watch his
mouth so the second easiest thing to
understand if you're watching a TV show
or you're watching YouTube blog switch
on the subtitle switch on captions and
you would be able to follow whatever the
native speaker is saying and then read
the subtitles but please focus on their
mouth
don't focus on subtitles there it's just
there to help you so you could stay
engaged with the video because sometimes
you just lose sense of what is happening
but again watching native speakers mouth
would actually help you pronounce things
in the right way and understand them at
the same time and if you want to check
if you're advanced or not try calling
customer support in English this is the
hardest thing ever currently looking for
a new assistant and the level of English
that I want from my assistant this level
when you're able to call someone in the
US or in the UK or whatever
english-speaking
country and tell them that they're doing
something wrong and you want something
faster from them sometimes I have this
partners that are you know delaying
payments etc and I want my assistant to
be able to just call them make sure
she's sounding or he's sounding very
little and I think this is like the top
level of English when you can call
someone and be frustrated and actually
get what you want so if you want to
practice that and you can call customer
support of any like big a commerce
company or whatever and just practice
your English just ask them I know called
booking to a comer Expedia and ask them
what's the best hotel in New York ask
for commendations and see how you
perform over the phone like this is top
level the next advice if you're just
starting out with understanding native
speakers I would say that and a lot of
people would agree with me Canadian
accent is actually the easiest accent
out there for me if I was like a picture
of British and American accent it's a
little more reserved than American
accent and it's a little more vague
compared to the British one so I would
start with Canadian accent if you're
really struggling to understand people I
started with a British accent and it was
a nightmare I was fourteen years old I
was like if this happens in every single
language and I'm screwed like how am I
gonna speak German but with German it
was like pretty clear there were no big
differences between access and I was
pretty cool with German but with English
you know if you started in America it's
easier if you start in Canada it's
easier if you start with the British
accent might be a little tricky so
choose something that's easier for you
that works for you at this level and my
last tip is that if you are still
struggling to understand people try and
avoid big groups of tative speakers
because this is where it gets really
confusing because when native speakers
are in their own environment they forget
that you're a non-native speaker they
start using all the slang words they
start referring to topics you have no
idea about they start speaking very fast
and I hate going to bars with native
speakers like even now it gets so loud I
have to scream I hate screaming my voice
is naturally not very loud and I
to be in that environment where I don't
understand half of what people are
saying because it's so loud and again
they're speaking too fast and you know
at the same time I don't really like to
be in that conversation because I have
to scream a lot so I would avoid those
situations if you're still at the
beginning of your journey of trying to
understand native speakers because that
would be intimidating you'll be confused
and you'll just be discouraged you would
be like I'll never gonna get what
they're talking about so just avoid
those situations and stay peaceful and
take a small step every day to
understanding native speakers that was
it for me guys if you're you know you're
subscribed to this channel hit subscribe
if you enjoyed this content like this
video and let me know do you understand
me what I'm talking about
try talking not too fast in this video
but sometimes I speed up let me know if
the speed works for you looking forward
to seeing you next week bye bye